♪ (punk rock music) ♪
- (Grace) Jennifer Aniston.
- Oh, Jennifer Aniston.
(Grace) You look like
a happy Jersey bridesmaid.
- Reese Witherspoon.
- (laughs)
I'm a bridesmaid in a wedding.
I'm wearing a dress just like that.
I love that she's doing fashion reviews,
and I know that
she's probably in sweatpants.
(Grace) Lorde... have mercy.
It's reminding me of
the Fashion Police, but nicer.
Dude, if I ever end up
at one of those events,
I'm just gonna wear the weirdest things
just to mess with people.
That's probably what Lady Gaga does. Duh.
♪ (drum solo) ♪
(Finebros) Did you know who
she was before these videos?
I have never heard of her before this.
Is her name Grace of Hearts?
Is that-- no? Okay.
I knew she was on MyMusic.
Doesn't she have a new show
on E! or something?
I was watching Kardashians.
I know, guilty.
And then it came on next, and I was like--
And then my roommate walked in.
She's like, "Isn't that
a famous YouTuber?"
I was like, "I don't know.
I should probably know, but I don't know."
(Finebros) Why did you
first subscribe to Grace?
Because she's hilarious.
She seems like a nice person.
She's quirky, but then
she's super relatable
and doesn't try to be
something that she's not.
(Finebros) When you compare her
to other types of people
that do this on YouTube,
what makes her stand out?
Her sarcasm.
She's very natural on camera.
She isn't really trying to be anything
other than herself.
She does stuff that is actually relatable.
Like, I actually relate to, and it's like,
that was me every day on the first video.
(Finebros) In the beginning of 2014,
went to two million subscribers to zero.
How do you think you would have felt
if that happened to you?
I would cry.
I would feel kind of betrayed.
Really, really pissed.
Oh my god, I would feel horrible.
I would've been turning tables.
I would've just lost it.
I feel her stress already.
I would have been so bummed out,
and I probably would
have felt pretty hopeless.
(Finebros) And now,
a year and a half later,
she's back at over
two million subscribers again.
So what do you think about her fans
and the YouTube creator community
for doing that for her?
That is really nice,
and it's good to know
everyone is there for each other.
It's cool how when so many
people share a common idea,
it can happen.
I love that.
It kind of tells you
that she's actually good,
that they're watching her
because of the quality videos.
It's not surprising at all,
just because she's fantastic.
She's funny. So her viewers
aren't just gonna be like,
"Oh, um, channel doesn't
want her anymore, so neither do I."
(Finebros) What do you think
about someone from YouTube
crossing over and hosting a TV show
while still having to maintain
a weekly YouTube channel?
I wouldn't want to be her.
I'm sitting her stressing,
"Oh no, what am I gonna
post to Instagram?"
I admire that. That's definitely
not an easy thing to do.
I can barely handle
10th grade year in high school.
Like literally, I don't know
how she can do it.
Jimmy Fallon, some of those--
they have their YouTube videos on YouTube.
But they don't edit them themselves
or put them out there themselves.
Grace is doing the talk show
and she's editing
and putting all her own
videos up on YouTube.
(Finebros) Usually people who host
late-night talk shows on television
are comedians who
did a lot of comedy clubs
or were writers of a television show,
working their way up the ranks.
What do you think of the idea
of Grace as an example
of someone who took
a different route to accomplish that?
I think that's fantastic.
Starting from YouTube,
I think that's awesome,
because so many people watch YouTube now.
I feel like more people watch YouTube
than watch comedy shows.
As far as celebrities or big comedians,
I think that they should
start looking on YouTube.
People didn't take
YouTube seriously enough.
So they thought,
"Oh, this would never work.
You can never get something on TV."
But she kind of helped pave
the way even more to show that
you can start off as a small
YouTube channel, grow,
and then get other opportunities,
and then eventually get a TV show
and then a movie.
Her movie was fantastic.
(Finebros) Do you think
this is the start of a trend
where a lot of YouTube stars
are gonna start getting these
bigger opportunities on television?
You know, I really hope so.
I hope KSI gets his own show.
(Finebros) Do you think Grace's show
is gonna be a success?
I think if her fans
are still very loyal to her,
it's gonna be very successful.
I hope it is, because she's so funny.
And this could help out
a lot of other YouTubers
and help TV take YouTube
a lot more seriously.
If you can lose everything
and get all of your fans,
like your subscribers back on YouTube,
I'm pretty sure you can
have a successful TV show.
♪ (upbeat theme music) ♪